---
name: Dior Vernis
price: $28.00
tags: ["post"]
---

"Gel Coat" resins with intense purity combined with a Techno-Polymer transform each coat of enamel into a film as smooth and shiny as glass.

The nano pouch, crafted in blue Dior Oblique jacquard, honors the Saddle line's emblematic codes with its asymmetric flap and antique gold-finish metal 'D' stirrup. A staple of the women's wardrobe, the accessory is ideal for all the daily essentials. The miniature pouch has a removable chain and may be carried by hand, worn over the shoulder or crossbody.

The Dio(r)evolution ring is both modern and timeless. Made with gold-finish metal, the style proudly features a central 'DIOR' signature with a crystal pavé. The ring can be paired with other Dio(r)evolution creations.

The Dway slide has a timeless and emblematic silhouette. The slide's upper features a deep blue embroidered 'CHRISTIAN DIOR' signature and instantly stands out. The streamlined shoe slips on easily and offers effortless style.

Echoing its inspiring character, the new Miss Dior fragrance is like an olfactory “millefiori”. Centifolia Rose, with its honeyed and peppery notes, reigns over a delectably creamy velvet heart. It is embroidered with fresh Lily-of-the-Valley notes, an apricot-tinged Peony accord, and powdery Iris notes.

Dior Addict Stellar Halo Shine is the iconic Dior lip shine with a new\* starry center. This Dior lucky star highlights the colour with a newfound halo shimmer. This balm glides on with incredible sensoriality and instantly melts on contact with the lips.
